# MiniJava Compiler
A joint project by Dan Motles and Nee Taylor 

## Build/Run

Build with make, run with MiniJavaC

the make.bat file was modified to compile on linux. you may need to modify it to run on windows.

## Holy Crap We Failed.

To give the grader a better idea of what happened, I would like to explain the complete utter failing 
on my (Dan Motles) part to properly manage the partnership. Initially I thought it would be a good idea
to solo this project. That was an incorrect assumption.

Since we ran into difficulty meeting the requirements last time because I had not delegated Nee any tasks,
this time, i decided to split the project with nee working on mapping the IR to code generation and I doing
most of the heavy work in register allocation land.

Unfortunately, come this weekend, we failed to produce code that would even work on the first milestones.

## So what does work?

Basically, I am turning one of the early prototype-working versions of register allocation because that's
what I focused a lot of time on, and you can see it working in simple cases which dont require coalescing.

Nee contributed by writing code in mips/code which is the package that was set to contain our mapping from IR
to machine code.

I worked primarily in mips/allocator, and also heavily modified many many files.

The project will run liveness analysis and attempt to do simple register allocation. It will print the 
iterations and the final resulting mappings at the end of execution.

## What don't you see?

There's about 2-3k lines of changes in another git branch which contains the not-working version of allocation
with spills, coalescing, and freezing. It was my dream to see this work, unffortunately I had to stop to try and
produce something that would run.

## Why didn't you guys just start simple and work iteratively

Man. We should have. I did not properly commuinicate with my partner the needs of what I needed from him,
and unfortunately his code was not as complete as I had desired to integrate.

## Have you learned your lesson?

We have. If you would like to see other branches, or give me a chance to do more/explain myself, please contact me at dmm141@pitt.edu
